CASMPET-5846 (#2381)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: install/README.md

for additional information on system hardware, troubleshooting, and administrative tasks related to CSM.

See [Troubleshooting Installation Problems](troubleshooting_installation.md).

### 11. Kubernetes encryption

> As an optional post installation task you may enable encryption of Kubernetes
> secrets. This enables at rest encryption of data in the `etcd` database used by
> Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an optional post installation task, encryption of Kubernetes secrets may be enabled. This enables
at rest encryption of data in the `etcd` database used by Kubernetes.
```

> See [Kubernetes Encryption](../operations/encryption/Overview.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Kubernetes Encryption](../operations/encryption/Overview.md).
```
